c:\users\1\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KnowledgeAccounting\KnowledgeAccounting.Web\bin\KnowledgeAccounting.Web.dll.config
c:\users\1\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KnowledgeAccounting\KnowledgeAccounting.Web\bin\KnowledgeAccounting.Web.dll
c:\users\1\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KnowledgeAccounting\KnowledgeAccounting.Web\bin\KnowledgeAccounting.Web.pdb
c:\users\1\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KnowledgeAccounting\KnowledgeAccounting.Web\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\1\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KnowledgeAccounting\KnowledgeAccounting.Web\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\1\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KnowledgeAccounting\KnowledgeAccounting.Web\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\1\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KnowledgeAccounting\KnowledgeAccounting.Web\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\1\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KnowledgeAccounting\KnowledgeAccounting.Web\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\1\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KnowledgeAccounting\KnowledgeAccounting.Web\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\1\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KnowledgeAccounting\KnowledgeAccounting.Web\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\1\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KnowledgeAccounting\KnowledgeAccounting.Web\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\1\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KnowledgeAccounting\KnowledgeAccounting.Web\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\1\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KnowledgeAccounting\KnowledgeAccounting.Web\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\1\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KnowledgeAccounting\KnowledgeAccounting.Web\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\1\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KnowledgeAccounting\KnowledgeAccounting.Web\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\1\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KnowledgeAccounting\KnowledgeAccounting.Web\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\1\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KnowledgeAccounting\KnowledgeAccounting.Web\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
c:\users\1\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KnowledgeAccounting\KnowledgeAccounting.Web\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\1\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KnowledgeAccounting\KnowledgeAccounting.Web\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\1\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KnowledgeAccounting\KnowledgeAccounting.Web\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\1\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KnowledgeAccounting\KnowledgeAccounting.Web\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\1\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KnowledgeAccounting\KnowledgeAccounting.Web\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
c:\users\1\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KnowledgeAccounting\KnowledgeAccounting.Web\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\1\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KnowledgeAccounting\KnowledgeAccounting.Web\obj\Debug\KnowledgeAccounting.Web.dll
c:\users\1\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KnowledgeAccounting\KnowledgeAccounting.Web\obj\Debug\KnowledgeAccounting.Web.pdb
C:\Users\1\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KnowledgeAccounting\KnowledgeAccounting.Web\obj\Debug\KnowledgeAccounting.Web.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\1\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KnowledgeAccounting\KnowledgeAccounting.Web\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\1\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KnowledgeAccounting\KnowledgeAccounting.Web\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\1\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KnowledgeAccounting\KnowledgeAccounting.Web\bin\KnowledgeAccounting.Bll.dll
C:\Users\1\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KnowledgeAccounting\KnowledgeAccounting.Web\bin\Ninject.dll
C:\Users\1\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KnowledgeAccounting\KnowledgeAccounting.Web\bin\Ninject.Web.Common.dll
C:\Users\1\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KnowledgeAccounting\KnowledgeAccounting.Web\bin\Ninject.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\1\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KnowledgeAccounting\KnowledgeAccounting.Web\bin\WebActivatorEx.dll
C:\Users\1\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KnowledgeAccounting\KnowledgeAccounting.Web\bin\KnowledgeAccounting.Dal.dll
C:\Users\1\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KnowledgeAccounting\KnowledgeAccounting.Web\bin\KnowledgeAccounting.Bll.pdb
C:\Users\1\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KnowledgeAccounting\KnowledgeAccounting.Web\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\1\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KnowledgeAccounting\KnowledgeAccounting.Web\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\1\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KnowledgeAccounting\KnowledgeAccounting.Web\bin\Ninject.xml
C:\Users\1\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KnowledgeAccounting\KnowledgeAccounting.Web\bin\Ninject.Web.Common.xml
C:\Users\1\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KnowledgeAccounting\KnowledgeAccounting.Web\bin\Ninject.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\1\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KnowledgeAccounting\KnowledgeAccounting.Web\bin\KnowledgeAccounting.Dal.pdb
G:\проект\KnowledgeAccounting\KnowledgeAccounting.Web\bin\KnowledgeAccounting.Web.dll.config
G:\проект\KnowledgeAccounting\KnowledgeAccounting.Web\bin\KnowledgeAccounting.Web.dll
G:\проект\KnowledgeAccounting\KnowledgeAccounting.Web\bin\KnowledgeAccounting.Web.pdb
G:\проект\KnowledgeAccounting\KnowledgeAccounting.Web\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
G:\проект\KnowledgeAccounting\KnowledgeAccounting.Web\bin\EntityFramework.dll
G:\проект\KnowledgeAccounting\KnowledgeAccounting.Web\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
G:\проект\KnowledgeAccounting\KnowledgeAccounting.Web\bin\KnowledgeAccounting.Bll.dll
G:\проект\KnowledgeAccounting\KnowledgeAccounting.Web\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
G:\проект\KnowledgeAccounting\KnowledgeAccounting.Web\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
G:\проект\KnowledgeAccounting\KnowledgeAccounting.Web\bin\Ninject.dll
G:\проект\KnowledgeAccounting\KnowledgeAccounting.Web\bin\Ninject.Web.Common.dll
G:\проект\KnowledgeAccounting\KnowledgeAccounting.Web\bin\Ninject.Web.Mvc.dll
G:\проект\KnowledgeAccounting\KnowledgeAccounting.Web\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
G:\проект\KnowledgeAccounting\KnowledgeAccounting.Web\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
G:\проект\KnowledgeAccounting\KnowledgeAccounting.Web\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
G:\проект\KnowledgeAccounting\KnowledgeAccounting.Web\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
G:\проект\KnowledgeAccounting\KnowledgeAccounting.Web\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
G:\проект\KnowledgeAccounting\KnowledgeAccounting.Web\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
G:\проект\KnowledgeAccounting\KnowledgeAccounting.Web\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
G:\проект\KnowledgeAccounting\KnowledgeAccounting.Web\bin\WebActivatorEx.dll
G:\проект\KnowledgeAccounting\KnowledgeAccounting.Web\bin\WebGrease.dll
G:\проект\KnowledgeAccounting\KnowledgeAccounting.Web\bin\KnowledgeAccounting.Dal.dll
G:\проект\KnowledgeAccounting\KnowledgeAccounting.Web\bin\KnowledgeAccounting.Bll.pdb
G:\проект\KnowledgeAccounting\KnowledgeAccounting.Web\bin\EntityFramework.xml
G:\проект\KnowledgeAccounting\KnowledgeAccounting.Web\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
G:\проект\KnowledgeAccounting\KnowledgeAccounting.Web\bin\Ninject.xml
G:\проект\KnowledgeAccounting\KnowledgeAccounting.Web\bin\Ninject.Web.Common.xml
G:\проект\KnowledgeAccounting\KnowledgeAccounting.Web\bin\Ninject.Web.Mvc.xml
G:\проект\KnowledgeAccounting\KnowledgeAccounting.Web\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
G:\проект\KnowledgeAccounting\KnowledgeAccounting.Web\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
G:\проект\KnowledgeAccounting\KnowledgeAccounting.Web\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
G:\проект\KnowledgeAccounting\KnowledgeAccounting.Web\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
G:\проект\KnowledgeAccounting\KnowledgeAccounting.Web\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
G:\проект\KnowledgeAccounting\KnowledgeAccounting.Web\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
G:\проект\KnowledgeAccounting\KnowledgeAccounting.Web\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
G:\проект\KnowledgeAccounting\KnowledgeAccounting.Web\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
G:\проект\KnowledgeAccounting\KnowledgeAccounting.Web\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
G:\проект\KnowledgeAccounting\KnowledgeAccounting.Web\bin\KnowledgeAccounting.Dal.pdb
G:\проект\KnowledgeAccounting\KnowledgeAccounting.Web\obj\Debug\KnowledgeAccounting.Web.dll
G:\проект\KnowledgeAccounting\KnowledgeAccounting.Web\obj\Debug\KnowledgeAccounting.Web.pdb
G:\проект\KnowledgeAccounting\KnowledgeAccounting.Web\obj\Debug\KnowledgeAccounting.Web.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Villovik\Desktop\111\KnowledgeAccounting.Web\bin\KnowledgeAccounting.Web.dll.config
C:\Users\Villovik\Desktop\111\KnowledgeAccounting.Web\bin\KnowledgeAccounting.Web.dll
C:\Users\Villovik\Desktop\111\KnowledgeAccounting.Web\bin\KnowledgeAccounting.Web.pdb
C:\Users\Villovik\Desktop\111\KnowledgeAccounting.Web\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
C:\Users\Villovik\Desktop\111\KnowledgeAccounting.Web\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\Villovik\Desktop\111\KnowledgeAccounting.Web\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\Villovik\Desktop\111\KnowledgeAccounting.Web\bin\KnowledgeAccounting.Bll.dll
C:\Users\Villovik\Desktop\111\KnowledgeAccounting.Web\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\Villovik\Desktop\111\KnowledgeAccounting.Web\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\Villovik\Desktop\111\KnowledgeAccounting.Web\bin\Ninject.dll
C:\Users\Villovik\Desktop\111\KnowledgeAccounting.Web\bin\Ninject.Web.Common.dll
C:\Users\Villovik\Desktop\111\KnowledgeAccounting.Web\bin\Ninject.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\Villovik\Desktop\111\KnowledgeAccounting.Web\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\Users\Villovik\Desktop\111\KnowledgeAccounting.Web\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\Villovik\Desktop\111\KnowledgeAccounting.Web\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
C:\Users\Villovik\Desktop\111\KnowledgeAccounting.Web\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Villovik\Desktop\111\KnowledgeAccounting.Web\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\Villovik\Desktop\111\KnowledgeAccounting.Web\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Users\Villovik\Desktop\111\KnowledgeAccounting.Web\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Villovik\Desktop\111\KnowledgeAccounting.Web\bin\WebActivatorEx.dll
C:\Users\Villovik\Desktop\111\KnowledgeAccounting.Web\bin\WebGrease.dll
C:\Users\Villovik\Desktop\111\KnowledgeAccounting.Web\bin\KnowledgeAccounting.Dal.dll
C:\Users\Villovik\Desktop\111\KnowledgeAccounting.Web\bin\KnowledgeAccounting.Bll.pdb
C:\Users\Villovik\Desktop\111\KnowledgeAccounting.Web\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\Villovik\Desktop\111\KnowledgeAccounting.Web\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\Villovik\Desktop\111\KnowledgeAccounting.Web\bin\Ninject.xml
C:\Users\Villovik\Desktop\111\KnowledgeAccounting.Web\bin\Ninject.Web.Common.xml
C:\Users\Villovik\Desktop\111\KnowledgeAccounting.Web\bin\Ninject.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\Villovik\Desktop\111\KnowledgeAccounting.Web\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\Users\Villovik\Desktop\111\KnowledgeAccounting.Web\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\Villovik\Desktop\111\KnowledgeAccounting.Web\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
C:\Users\Villovik\Desktop\111\KnowledgeAccounting.Web\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Villovik\Desktop\111\KnowledgeAccounting.Web\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Users\Villovik\Desktop\111\KnowledgeAccounting.Web\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\Villovik\Desktop\111\KnowledgeAccounting.Web\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Villovik\Desktop\111\KnowledgeAccounting.Web\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
C:\Users\Villovik\Desktop\111\KnowledgeAccounting.Web\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\Villovik\Desktop\111\KnowledgeAccounting.Web\bin\KnowledgeAccounting.Dal.pdb
C:\Users\Villovik\Desktop\111\KnowledgeAccounting.Web\obj\Debug\KnowledgeAccounting.Web.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Villovik\Desktop\111\KnowledgeAccounting.Web\obj\Debug\KnowledgeAccounting.Web.dll
C:\Users\Villovik\Desktop\111\KnowledgeAccounting.Web\obj\Debug\KnowledgeAccounting.Web.pdb
C:\Users\Villovik\Desktop\111\KnowledgeAccounting.Web\obj\Debug\KnowledgeAccounting.Web.csproj.ResolveComReference.cache
