c:\users\villovik\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KnowProject\MvcPL\bin\MvcPL.dll.config
c:\users\villovik\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KnowProject\MvcPL\bin\MvcPL.dll
c:\users\villovik\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KnowProject\MvcPL\bin\MvcPL.pdb
c:\users\villovik\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KnowProject\MvcPL\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\villovik\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KnowProject\MvcPL\bin\BLL.Interface.dll
c:\users\villovik\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KnowProject\MvcPL\bin\DependencyResolver.dll
c:\users\villovik\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KnowProject\MvcPL\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\villovik\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KnowProject\MvcPL\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\villovik\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KnowProject\MvcPL\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\villovik\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KnowProject\MvcPL\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\villovik\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KnowProject\MvcPL\bin\Ninject.dll
c:\users\villovik\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KnowProject\MvcPL\bin\Ninject.Web.Common.dll
c:\users\villovik\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KnowProject\MvcPL\bin\Ninject.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\villovik\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KnowProject\MvcPL\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\villovik\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KnowProject\MvcPL\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\villovik\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KnowProject\MvcPL\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\villovik\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KnowProject\MvcPL\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\villovik\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KnowProject\MvcPL\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\villovik\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KnowProject\MvcPL\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\villovik\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KnowProject\MvcPL\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\villovik\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KnowProject\MvcPL\bin\WebActivatorEx.dll
c:\users\villovik\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KnowProject\MvcPL\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\villovik\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KnowProject\MvcPL\bin\ORM.dll
c:\users\villovik\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KnowProject\MvcPL\bin\Repository.dll
c:\users\villovik\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KnowProject\MvcPL\bin\DAL.dll
c:\users\villovik\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KnowProject\MvcPL\bin\BLL.dll
c:\users\villovik\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KnowProject\MvcPL\bin\BLL.Interface.pdb
c:\users\villovik\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KnowProject\MvcPL\bin\DependencyResolver.pdb
c:\users\villovik\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KnowProject\MvcPL\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\villovik\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KnowProject\MvcPL\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\villovik\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KnowProject\MvcPL\bin\Ninject.xml
c:\users\villovik\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KnowProject\MvcPL\bin\Ninject.Web.Common.xml
c:\users\villovik\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KnowProject\MvcPL\bin\Ninject.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\villovik\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KnowProject\MvcPL\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\villovik\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KnowProject\MvcPL\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\villovik\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KnowProject\MvcPL\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
c:\users\villovik\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KnowProject\MvcPL\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\villovik\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KnowProject\MvcPL\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\villovik\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KnowProject\MvcPL\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\villovik\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KnowProject\MvcPL\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\villovik\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KnowProject\MvcPL\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
c:\users\villovik\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KnowProject\MvcPL\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\villovik\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KnowProject\MvcPL\bin\ORM.pdb
c:\users\villovik\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KnowProject\MvcPL\bin\Repository.pdb
c:\users\villovik\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KnowProject\MvcPL\bin\DAL.pdb
c:\users\villovik\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KnowProject\MvcPL\bin\BLL.pdb
c:\users\villovik\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KnowProject\MvcPL\obj\Debug\MvcPL.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\villovik\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KnowProject\MvcPL\obj\Debug\MvcPL.dll
c:\users\villovik\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KnowProject\MvcPL\obj\Debug\MvcPL.pdb
C:\Users\Villovik\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KnowProject\MvcPL\bin\PagedList.dll
C:\Users\Villovik\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KnowProject\MvcPL\bin\PagedList.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\Villovik\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KnowProject\MvcPL\bin\PagedList.xml
C:\Users\Villovik\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KnowProject\MvcPL\bin\PagedList.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\Villovik\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KnowProject\MvcPL\obj\Debug\MvcPL.csproj.ResolveComReference.cache
